Oh, hello there!
I was just about to put these gardening tools away.
I was out in my garden this morning, working very early.
You might be wondering why I went out to the garden so early. Well...
I'm a little embarrassed and not so happy to share that.
I had made a promise
and i hadn't really kept it when i should have.
I promised my family that I was going to get the front garden ready so that we could plant flowers today.
Well, you know how it goes sometimes. You know, I got working on my computer.
A good program came on television and
before i knew it, it was dark and i couldn't go out there and work in the garden.
So I got up early this morning
To take care of it.
Now, I did fulfill my promise, but I didn't do it when I said I would.
You know, making a promise.
You need to not only do it,
But if you say you're going to do it at a certain time, you need to do that too.
You know, if you had said that you were going to unload the dishwasher right after dinner so your sister could load it,
But then you got involved in a video game.
Then you would
outside playing and then it was bedtime and you didn't get it unloaded.
Well, that's not good because your sister now can't load it till you do your part.
So
Keeping promises is not always easy.
But we have somebody
Who always keeps their promises and keeps them when they say.
And that person is Jesus.
Jesus makes us a lot of promises in the Bible. He promises to take care of us,
He promised to hear our prayers.
He promises to love us,
And you put on promises to forgive us always.
Now last week we did talk about forgiveness.
This week we're talking about
As you can guess, promise.
Jesus made a very special promise to his disciples.
Now Jesus was going to be leaving them again to return to the Father.
But he did not want to leave his disciples alone.
So he probably
Welcome to Semnam the Holy Spirit.
He told them to go to Jerusalem and wait, and he would send the Holy Spirit to them.
Now the holy spirit lives inside us because we know jesus
The Holy Spirit's there to help us to make wise choices,
To give us that little nudge when we're not really supposed to be doing something.
The Holy Spirit helps us to remember the things that Jesus has taught us through the Bible.
The Holy Spirit was a great gift for the disciples. It helped them to have what they needed.
To tell others about Jesus.
Now, we're going to see a video about promises.
And then after that,
We're going to do our song.
So a little bit different than normal.
Our song is going to talk specifically about the promise that Jesus made to his disciples about sending them the Holy Spirit.
So let's see the video.
Let's sing our song.
And I'll see you back here in a few minutes.
There's no one.
I'm sorry that I punched you.
In your
Arm.
Uh promise
To never do it again
Your friend
Sale.
Oh, hey Sal, what's your writing? Oh, hi, Loan. It's a letter. Here, it's for you.
Wow, thanks. Um?
Well, let's see.
Dear Lloyd,
I'm sorry I punched you in your arm. I promise I'll never do it again.
Your friend Sal. Oh, Sal, you didn't have to do that.
be honest, i totally forgot about it.
You did?
Yeah, I mean, it was a long time ago. and besides,
Didn't really hurt that bad.
Oh, really? yeah.
Really?
Ow! What?
What'd you do that for? Well, since you said it didn't hurt that bad. Sal, you just promised me that you would never do it again, and you just did it again. Well, that was before.
I was before. Before what? Before you said it didn't hurt that bad. You can't just break a promise because I said something that you didn't like. Sure I can.
Why not?
Well, for starters, because God would never break his promises to you, 1 Corinthians 1.20 says, In Jesus, we hear a resounding yes to all of God's many promises.
premises.
What kind of promises? I'm glad you asked.
There are more than 300 promises that God made in the Bible about his plan to rescue us from sin. In Genesis 3:15, God told the devil,
"I will make you and the woman enemies to each other. You will bite her child's foot, but he will crush your head."
And God kept that promise? Yeah, when he sent Jesus, God had a plan, and he promised all throughout the Old Testament that he was going to send someone to rescue us. And that someone...
Someone
Was Jesus? Well, I never thought of it like that.
Pretty cool how God always keeps his promises. Say, Lord, can I have that letter back?
Oh.
Why?
Because I want to be more like God and keep my promises. So that's my.
Promise.
Let's sing acts 1a together you guys we're gonna start by moving around like this and
And then we're going to clap our hands. You ready?
All right, now this song is all about how God gave us the Holy Spirit.
Holy Spirit.
And when he did that, we got great power. Let's start by saying you will receive
Peace power.
Have you seen them?
And can you clap your hands?
All right, you guys, we're going to sing that all over again. So you will receive power. Let's sing it out together.
Slide as you can.
All right, you guys, then we're going to get down really
Can you guys go down really, really low?
Good job. Now let's bring it up.
And everyone lets go!
And let me see you dancing.
Good job, let's sing, but you'll reach these powers.
Now everywhere as loud as you can.
Dance together
Thank you. Clap your hands.
And let me see you turn.
That was a great song. I love the movements and everything.
So
We know that Jesus promised the Holy Spirit and the Holy Spirit came to the disciples just when Jesus said,
You know, we make promises.
And sometimes we can't keep them.
Let me give you an example.
Let's say your parents promised that you could have a birthday party with your friends.
At
Fun zone
Well,
If your birthday was recently, we've all had to stay home to keep each other safe.
And fun zone has been closed.
So even though your parents made you that promise,
They couldn't control what happened and so they couldn't keep that promise.
Or
Let's say you've been promised to go to summer camp.
And you just got an email from the camp saying that they weren't going to open this summer.
Again, even though your parents promised,
They weren't able to keep that promise.
When that happens
We need to be understanding and forgiving.
But
The best thing is that no matter what God
Promises us
We receive that promise.
That is exciting news.
Especially right now when so many things
Don't.
aren't happening the way we would want them to. We know that everything that Jesus promises will happen.
So friends, thank you for joining me.
I'm going to
Go out and start planting flowers now.
I hope you'll remember to join me on Thursdays.
11 o'clock.
On sfcc family live.
And then have a great day
and I hope to see you back here next Sunday.
Bye.